Create basic structure for entities and storage initialization - Closes #2613, #2614 (#2636)
LiskHQ/lisk: storage/README.md

Following is the list of available suffixes based on filter types

| Filter Type | Filter Suffixes | Description                                                |
| ----------- | --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| BOOLEAN     | \_eql           | returns entries that matches the value                     |
|             | \_ne            | returns entries that does not matche the value             |
| TEXT        | \_eql           | returns entries that matches the value                     |
|             | \_ne            | returns entries that does not matche the value             |
|             | \_in            | returns entries that matches any values in a list          |
|             | \_like          | returns entries that matches a pattern                     |
| NUMBER      | \_eq            | returns entries that matches the value                     |

> |             | \_ne            | returns entries that does not matche the value             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|             | \_ne            | returns entries that do not match the value             |
```

> |             | \_gt            | returns entries that is greater than the value             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|             | \_gt            | returns entries greater than the value             |
```

> |             | \_gte           | returns entries that is greater then or equal to the value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|             | \_gte           | returns entries greater than or equal to the value |
```

> |             | \_lt            | returns entries that is less than the value                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|             | \_lt            | returns entries less than the value                |
```

> |             | \_lte           | returns entries that is less than or equal to the value    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|             | \_lte           | returns entries less than or equal to the value    |
```

> |             | \_in            | returns entries that matches any values in a list          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|             | \_in            | returns entries that match any of values from the list         |
```

> You can call `<Entity>.getFilters()` to see a list of available filters for any entity.

Reviewer 2: What is the change here?

### Filter Combinator

> If filters are provided as JSON object those will always joined with `AND` combinator. e.g. Specifying filters as `{name: 'Alpha', description_like: 'Bravo'}` will result in fetching all results which have name equal to `Alpha` and `Bravo`. Specifying filters as an array of objects: `[{name: 'Alpha'}, {description_like: 'Bravo'}]` will result in joining objects with `OR` combinator and result in fetching data which name equal either `Alpha` or `Bravo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If filters are provided as JSON objects, they will always be joined with an `AND` combinator. For instance, specifying filters as `{name: 'Alpha', description_like: 'Bravo'}` results in fetching all results which have a name equal to `Alpha` and description matching `Bravo`. Specifying filters as an array of objects, e.g. `[{name: 'Alpha'}, {description_like: 'Bravo'}]`, will result in joining objects with `OR` combinator, i.e. fetching data which name equal to `Alpha` or description like `Bravo`.
 You can register a `CUSTOM` filter, by defining your own key and a function which will return a custom condition.
```

## Conventions

Following conventions must be followed strictly

> * If getter functions are dynamic they must accept a `fitlers` object as first parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dynamic getter functions must accept `filters` object as the first parameter.
```

> * Every entity should set some field sets to describe collection of fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each entity should set fieldsets to describe the collection of fields.
```

> * Entities should always return full set of attributes related to a field set and never implement field selection logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Entities should always return the full set of attributes related to a fieldset and don't implement field selection logic.
```

> * Every interface in the entity must return `Promise` and declared as `async`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Every interface in the entity must return `Promise` and be declared as `async`.
```

> * Timestamp always refer to Epoch timestamp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Timestamp types always refer to the network Epoch timestamp.
```

> * In case of Unix the attribute name must be prefixed with Unix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* All values related to amount should be exposed as strings
* Height should always be integer because of Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER is too high
* Round number should be exposed as integer

> * All `BYTEA` fields with 'hex' encoding should be exposed as strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All `BYTEA` fields in 'hex' encoding should be exposed as strings.
```

> * All other `BYTEA` fields should be exposed as Buffer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* constructor
* getFieldSets

To look for sample check the [Account](./entities/account.js)

## Utility Methods

Following utility methods are available to your class when you extend from `BaseEntity`.

### addFilter

It provides a basic structure to register fields with for the entity

```
addFilter(fieldName, filterType = filterTypes.NUMBER, fieldSets=[])
```

You can find more details at its [implementation](./entities/base_entity.js#L63)

## Filters

Filters are convention to provide a flexible but powerful structure to fetch data from persistence layer. When you register a field in entity you have to specify its filter type. Based on that filter type entity register few filter names available for you to be used as json objects. Each filter suffix an additional value to field name e.g. `_in`, `_lt`. It depends on filter type which suffixes are appended. A filter without any suffix to field name refers to `_eql` equals.

Following is the list of available suffixes based on filter types

| Filter Type | Filter Suffixes | Description |
| ----------- | --------------- | ----------- |

> | BOOLEAN     | \_eql           |             |

Reviewer 3: Descriptions here needed.
